hello it's maybe at merck & today I
gonna show you my new creation the mi-28
havoc it loads a while but it has plenty
part the first thing to mention is that
it it's Mouse controlled yes this time
all the vehicles are mouse eng it's a
bit difficult to fly with but let's do a
beta so here we are it has the weapons
to FF our pods we can test them now as
you can see those are deadly ones and
that's pretty knowledgeable that's
pretty much about the mi-28 yet but last
thing to mention is that slides reckon
they'll wreck a real chopper so rather
simulating and left leg backwards and I
fly forwards so it's not wear a special
but remember it to a better Oh another
one that it's a final version which are
going to soon upload to the garage
morgue is crisis VTOL craft oh I can
later I could post a link to the crisis
model back it's to welcome progress I'll
give your rank to the face punch form
okay
this is the VTOL I hope you are familiar
with the crisis game demonstrators Papa
right place and targets I like to
practice on my admin room its culture
with ionic doorbell and from inside you
better freeze it somewhere up
out here hey you got muffins no no
muffins and then double so let's get to
work we got our VTOL and we got some
targets to to destroy the material is
using my opinion way better than the
mi-28 but it might want to wait still a
better remember um so this one got its
rockets and got its machine gun
it must aim to
so this is my creations this was at work
good place and good luck also if you
request some tutorials I am always up to
give them goodbye